docs/resources/image.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packer_image Resource - terraform-provider-packer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packer_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `additional_params` (Set of String) Additional parameters to pass to Packer
- `directory` (String) Working directory to run Packer inside. Default is cwd.
- `environment` (Map of String) Environment variables
- `file` (String) Packer file to use for building
- `force` (Boolean) Force overwriting existing images
- `ignore_environment` (Boolean) Prevents passing all environment variables of the provider through to Packer
- `name` (String) Name of this build. Mainly used for data source packer_build
- `triggers` (Map of String) Values that, when changed, trigger an update of this resource
- `variables` (Map of String) Variables to pass to Packer

### Read-Only

- `build_uuid` (String) UUID that is updated whenever the build has finished. This allows detecting changes.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

Commit message:

Remove doc reference to removed data source packer_build

docs/resources/image.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packer_image Resource - terraform-provider-packer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packer_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `additional_params` (Set of String) Additional parameters to pass to Packer
- `directory` (String) Working directory to run Packer inside. Default is cwd.
- `environment` (Map of String) Environment variables
- `file` (String) Packer file to use for building
- `force` (Boolean) Force overwriting existing images
- `ignore_environment` (Boolean) Prevents passing all environment variables of the provider through to Packer
- `name` (String) Name of this build. This value is not passed to Packer.
- `triggers` (Map of String) Values that, when changed, trigger an update of this resource
- `variables` (Map of String) Variables to pass to Packer

### Read-Only

- `build_uuid` (String) UUID that is updated whenever the build has finished. This allows detecting changes.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
